Add handover docs for non-public dashboard (#1644)
UKHSA-Internal/data-dashboard-infra: docs/infratructure_layers.md

# Handover Documentation

## Deploying infrastructure

Hand-rolled / click-ops via the AWS console should be avoided.

> The system is deployed in to AWS via terraform only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system is deployed into AWS via terraform only.
```

The CLI module which can be accessed via:
```
source uhd.sh
```

And then the following command to list all the available CLI modules.
```
uhd
```
See the README at the root of this repo for more information on this.

## Infrastructure layers

The infrastructure is split into 2 main layers:

> - `10-acccount` - Account level components which are deployed into the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `10-account` - Account level components which are deployed into the account.
```

> This includes things foundational services which are shared across the account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes foundational services which are shared across the account
```
